      GIT WORKFLOW
-CLONE THE REPO
-MAKES CHANGES+COMMIT THEM
-CREATE A NEW BRANCH
-PULL REQUEST/PUSH REQUEST
DELETE THE EXTRA BRANCH TO CLEAN YOUR WORKING AREA
                SOME COMMANDS USED TO GET EVERYTHING LI LFO9 DONE
-    git init:The git init command creates a new Git repository. It can be used to convert an existing, unversioned project to a Git repository or initialize 
 new, empty repository. Most other Git commands are not available outside of an initialized repository, so this is usually the first command you'll run in a
  new project.

    git add:The git add command adds a change in the working directory to the staging area. It tells Git that you want to include updates to a particular 
    file in the next commit. However, git add doesn't really affect the repository in any significant way—changes are not actually recorded until you run 
    git commit 

    git commit:git github git-commit. commit is. A commit, or "revision", is an individual change to a file (or set of files). It's like when you save 
    a file, except with Git, every time you save it creates a unique ID (a.k.a. the "SHA" or "hash") that allows you to keep record of what changes 
    were made when and by who

    git clone:The git clone command is used to create a copy of a specific repository or branch within a repository. Git is a distributed version control 
    system. Maximize the advantages of a full repository on your own machine by cloning

    git status:Git status command is used in Git to know the status of the working tree. It shows the state of your working directory and helps you see all 
    the files which are untracked by Git, staged or unstaged

    git config:The git config command is a convenience function that is used to set Git configuration values on a global or local project 
    level. ... These configuration levels correspond to . gitconfig text files. Executing git config will modify a configuration text file.

    git merge:Merging is a common practice for developers using version control systems. Whether branches are created for testing, bug fixes
    , or other reasons, merging commits changes to another location. To be more specific, merging takes the contents of a source branch and 
    integrates them with a target branch.
                     IMPORTANT NOTES
1 create reposittory for every project
2 create a new branch for every feature or enhancement
3 no need to connect to remote repo when working
4 anyone can push and pull depend on permissions
                                        IMPORTANT NOTES2
1GIT: distributed version control system
2 free and open source
3 GITHUB:-source for project and sources
-simplifies using git
-u can use git without github
-git has GUI that means you can use it with the mouse and without the commands but you better not cs you need to learn the commands
                       WHY I MOST LEARN GIT?
1 DEVS(me+grp) contribute to the same project
2 you can revert changes
3 you can collaborate to fix issues and to create new features
4y ou can solve conflicts
5 you can organise features
